# Using PCSX2 1.7.X (latest Nightly Build from PCSX2 website)

This is a guide on how to configure the the latest PCSX2 "nightly build" as of 16 May 2022 (build v1.7.2755). *It is not the responsibility of Horizon Staff to keep up with the changes in functionality afforded by each PCSX2 nightly build release. However, it has come to our attention that the process may have changed significantly since our other 1.7.0 guides were written, so this is an attempt to assist those trying to use the latest and greatest that PCSX2 has to offer!* If you find that this guide has become significantly out of date, please let a Horizon staff member know and we will try to get it updated when we have time.

The screenshots below are from my Windows 10 PC. I am not a PCSX2 expert, so please let me know if anything below is incorrect or doesn’t make sense. Thank you!

Set up as follows:

1. Download the latest Nightly Build from [the PCSX2 website.](https://pcsx2.net/downloads/#nightly-anchor)
2. Unzip the file using 7-zip, then move it into the directory you would like to run it from (this build does not have an installer file).
3. Install Npcap from [the Npcap website.](https://npcap.com/)
4. Open PCSX2 using the "pcsx2x64-avx2.exe" file.
5. Go to the Config menu → General Settings.
  - If you have already set up a different version of PCSX2, you can use the same BIOS by un-checking the “Use default setting” check box and browsing to your existing BIOS folder. Or you can copy it into the default folder specified.
  - If you haven’t used PCSX2 yet, you will have to obtain the BIOS from your PS2, see the instructions here: https://pcsx2.net/download/releases/tools.html  
  - Once you point PCSX2 to the correct location, the BIOS will show up in the list. Select it and hit Apply then OK.
  - Note: If you get a message about creating a "Textures" folder, click OK.
6. Go to Config 0>
7. Go to Config → Gamepad Settings and map your controller.



COMING SOON!
